my home gym looks like this questionable
spots but there is weights but Brandon's
gym looks like this
[Music]
this took about nine and a half years to
build since I bought the house it's
crazy what was the first really
expensive Edition well the first thing I
bought was about 15 grand and that was
the squat rack and the dumbbells and the
functional trainer oh God if you had to
start over what would be your first
purchase probably those three things
again just a higher quality than I
bought the first time is it a bad idea
to do a nice bath right now no it's
never a bad idea to do a nice bath oh
my god
oh I got 45 seconds I'm going to be
doing this again very soon the goal is a
minute then I'll do three minutes then
maybe 10. after the ice bath this does
not feel bad at all that was miserable
can't wait to do it again stay flexy